add=add
adm=add main memory
bbl=branch back and load
clb=clear both
clc=clear carry
cma=complement
cmc=complement carry
daa=decimal adjust accumulator
dac=decrement accumulator
dcl=designate command line
fim=fetch immediate
fin=fetch indirect
iac=increment accumulator
inc=increment
isz=increment and skip
jcn=jump conditional
jin=jump indirect
jms=jump to subroutine
jun=jump uncoditional
kbp=keybord process
ld=load 
ldm=load immediate
nop=no operation
ral=rotate left
rar=rotate right
rd0=read status char 0
rd1=read status char 1
rd2=read status char 2
rd3=read status char 3
rdm=read main memory
rdr=read rom port
sbm=subtract main memory
src=send register control
stc=set carry
sub=subtract
tcc=transfer carry and clear
tcs=transfer carry subtract
wmp=write ram port
wr0=write status char 0
wr1=write status char 1
wr2=write status char 2
wr3=write status char 3
wrm=write main memory
wrr=write rom port
xch=exchange